[uneasy music plays]
["Mística" by Orishas playing]
["Mística" continues]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
RED VELVET: WHEN ARE WE MEETING?
CAN I CALL YOU?
NO MASKS: CAN I CALL YOU?
GIVE ME YOUR NUMBER
["Mística" continues]
[seagull squawks]
RED VELVET: I WANT TO HEAR YOUR VOICE
[Red Velvet] Hi.
[No Masks] Unbelievable.
We've been talking for almost two weeks.
and we haven't met yet.
[Red Velvet] How are you?
I want to see you.
You just say when and where…
I love you so much!
…and I'll come running fast.
RED VELVET: TONIGHT WILL BE SO HOT
NO MASKS: I WANT YOU
["Mística" continues]
I'm here.
Where are you hiding?
[dramatic music building]
["Alone" by Marz Fay playing]
[No Masks] Here you go.
["Alone" continues]
♪ Sit down
My knees are weak again ♪
[Red Velvet] I want you.
[moans]
♪ I'm selfish
But I'm in need of a friend ♪
[Red Velvet] Tonight
will be unforgettable.
["Alone" continues]
Tonight's our first time.
and you'll remember it forever.
[No Masks] Swear that we'll do
everything you promised me.
[No Masks] All right. [chuckles]
Cheers. babe.
[Red Velvet] On your knees.
We're pushing boundaries tonight.
["Alone" continues]
♪ I'm all alone
I ain't got time for conversations ♪
♪ She love how you… ♪
-[No Masks] Tie me up. Make me your slave.
-[Red Velvet moans]
[Red Velvet] Think you can handle it?
How much pleasure
can a strong man like you take?
[phone vibrating]
MY LOVE
[phone continues vibrating]
[Red Velvet moans]
["Alone" continues]
[exhales]
[moans]
[plastic bag rustling]
-[music ends]
-[exhales]
[theme music playing]
FAKE PROFILE
[music fades]
[seagulls squawking]
[woman] It's always the same dream.
I'm standing on stage.
and I'm fully focused.
Transformed into Red Velvet.
Entranced. fully enjoying
every movement my body makes. and…
out of nowhere.
he appears.
[mysterious music playing]
[man] Miguel?
I don't know why
I can't get him out of my head.
Because I'm better.
[inhales]
I really love David.
I'm marrying him tomorrow.
We've already planned
our honeymoon in Thailand.
Professionally speaking.
I'm at the top of my game.
But that asshole is somehow always there.
I feel like he's stalking me. like he's…
constantly keeping an eye on me.
[man] That's the nature of trauma. Camila.
It's gonna take more
than a couple sessions
to heal from the negative experiences
you suffered a year and a half ago.
This dream you're describing.
the recurring one.
it has an origin.
And together. we will figure it out.
[Camila sighs]
In this dream
you keep having about Miguel.
do you engage in sexual activity with him?
["Kintsugi" by Rubio playing]
[moaning]
[moans]
No.
["Kintsugi" continues]
[crowd cheering]
[whistling]
[Camila] Yes. baby.
I'm ready for the show.
I just need to check in
with the choreographer.
change some reels I didn't like
for my social media campaign.
and that's it. I'll be ready to leave.
[David] Do beautiful girl bosses
like you ever get to rest?
Well. this girl boss
has to lead by example.
[chuckles]
All right. my love. See you soon. right?
I'm sorry. I won't.
The girls and I also made plans tonight.
You think you're the only one
who's gonna have a bachelor party?
My love. tomorrow I need you
to be rested and look perfect
and be ready to meet me at the altar
to say. "Yes. I do."
Listen. baby.
I love you with all of my heart.
Camila Román.
I love you so much.
I can't wait to kiss you. babe.
[crowd cheering]
["Kintsugi" continues]
[dramatic sting]
[phone chimes]
[reporter] After the scandal that shocked
the Colombian society in 2023.
Ángela Ferrer was sentenced
to five years in federal prison
for the first-degree murder of her father.
businessman Pedro Ferrer.
However. Ángela Ferrer only served
an 18-month sentence.
Tomorrow. the architect and businesswoman
will be released.
-["Kintsugi" continues]
-[cheering continues]
[cheering continues]
[cheering]
["Kintsugi" continues]
[music fades]
[cheering]
["Buri Buri" by Daniela Sarria playing]
[laughing]
Whoo!
-I'm making a video!
-Please promise we won't lose you.
You will never. ever lose me. You won't.
[all] Whoo!
[indistinct yells]
-Whoo!
-Whoo-hoo!
[indistinct chatter]
Queens of the world!
[all] Whoo!
-Yes. I do.
-Yeah!
-Oh.
-Come here.
[phone ringing]
Hey. make it short. huh?
Ah!
Hello?
Who's this?
Hey. Camila. It's Miguel.
You look gorgeous in that dress.
I just needed to tell you. baby.
What?
["Buri Buri" continues]
What's happening?
[music fades]
He's not answering.
He must have turned it off.
I'm sure that it was Miguel.
I know his voice perfectly well.
Obviously. it was Miguel.
Well. it could be someone else
pretending to be him as a prank.
-How could it be a prank. Erika?
-I don't think it was Miguel.
It reminded me. though.
that one dream I can't get out of my mind…
[friend] What dream?
-It's… [chuckles]
-[David] Honey!
-[laughs] What's going on here?
-[Erika] It's the groom!
How's your night going? [kisses]
[Erika] You're so sweet.
-Whoo!
-[friend chuckles]
Let's go to the room.
No. because I'm getting
some nice tequila bottles for the girls.
-Could you bring the one we love?
-[exhales]
-Let 'em try it.
-Yes. I'll bring them that one.
-Should I come with you?
-No.
-You sure?
-See you at the room.
-[friend] Let's go.
-[Camila] I'll be quick.
-I'm going to bed.
-[Camila] No way.
-Meet us at the other beach?
-Yes.
[David] Be careful. Don't be too long.
Don't you fall asleep.
-[David] Only if you take too long.
-I'll murder you.
[David] Behave yourself. ladies!
-[friend] Of course!
-[Erika] Of course!
[friend] Ah!
["El Vecindario" playing in the distance]
[sighs]
Here it is.
[phone ringing]
INCOMING CALL
UNKNOWN CALLER
What the hell do you want?
[Miguel on phone] Camila.
I needed to talk to you
and tell you so many things. my love.
Is this really you?
Of course it's me.
Please think of all the love and passion
we have for each other. Camila.
-Don't get married.
-Why are you following me?
Because I'm madly in love
with you. Camila.
Because you're the only good thing
in my life. and I'll never forget you.
I refuse to.
We're just getting started. baby.
[dramatic music playing]
Who's there?
[pensive music playing]
[David] My love?
Camila?
[dramatic music continues]
[Camila] Miguel?
Miguel.
Miguel?
It's Inti. I was waiting for you.
[David] Camila?
[Erika laughs] No!
-[kissing]
-[faint moaning]
[door shuts]
I assume you've heard Ángela
is being released tomorrow.
[scoffs]
-I don't really care.
-She almost killed you.
I know that pain well. Camila.
We've been suffering the same pain.
Listen. For me. tomorrow is a special day.
I'm getting married.
I started my own business.
Golden Lips.
And I am very proud.
I don't need anything from these people.
And why not?
All it would take
is one phone call to the press.
and everyone would know
the hell they put us through.
How they exploited us.
How much it suffered. that little heart.
We'll crush their empire.
No.
You want more money. Inti?
Just a bit.
Really?
What happened to your payout?
It's right here.
All on this boat.
Wanna know its name?
What?
Angelo.
Then why don't you take Angelo
and start from scratch?
Because the past doesn't exist. Inti.
The past does exist.
And it can make us millionaires.
Mmm. [exhales]
[tsks]
If tomorrow you don't have plans.
come to my wedding.
On one condition.
Not a word about the Ferrers.
[Camila scoffs]
You take care.
Think about it.
[unsettling music playing]
[music building]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
Camila?
[music fades]
[David] My love?
[monitor beeping]
What happened?
[Erika] It's okay. It's okay. Camila.
Everything's all right.
We're at a clinic.
-You passed out on us.
-What?
-It's okay.
-Wait. I passed out? No.
My love. how are you feeling?
I feel a bit dizzy.
I…
I went for tequila. remember?
Then I found Inti at the dock.
on his sailboat.
We talked for a short while.
And when I returned to the beach.
someone…
attacked me from behind.
Doctor. what happened?
This has all the signs
that the patient was drugged.
Attacks with scopolamine
and burundanga are on the rise.
We'll check that her vitals are stable.
and I'll discharge her.
[David] Thank you.
Baby. I think it would be wise
to put off our wedding for a few days.
No. We're not putting off the wedding.
The wedding's happening.
I'll recover quickly and be ready for it.
But everything will be fine.
-Okay. You'll be all right.
-[Camila] Mmm.
Mm-hmm.
[pensive music playing]
[music builds]
[music halts abruptly]
[maid] Housekeeping.
[dramatic sting]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[screams]
[camera shutter clicks]
[woman] Benito.
-Jesús Franco.
-Mmm.
He was a forty-five-year-old lawyer.
two children.
Okay.
The body was in the tub all night long.
Any other relevant details to add?
He's a frequent guest of this hotel.
He was seen entering at half past ten
with a blonde woman.
[dramatic music continues]
[woman 2] No.
Oh my God! [whimpers]
[dramatic music continues]
Come with me. please.
[pensive music playing]
[faint clanking]
[guard] Ángela Ferrer. are you ready?
Good morning.
They're here for me?
[pensive music building]
[upbeat music playing]
[cell door clanks]
[woman] I can't think of anyone
who could've done this.
Andrea. were you aware at all that
your husband was seeing another woman?
No.
I still can't believe it.
[indistinct chatter]
Our 13th wedding anniversary is tomorrow.
Boss.
What do you have?
[man] He met the blonde woman
on Tinder the 7th of June.
Two weeks ago.
They hadn't met before.
Hmm. Hell of a way
for a meet-up to finish.
[man] Mmm.
[faint bubbling]
["An Axe in Your Head"
by Nick Kingsley & Hannah Hart playing]
♪ Tell me what to do ♪
-♪ And I see red ♪
-♪ I see red ♪
♪ I see… ♪
WARNING
PRISONER VISITATION
♪ Like an animal bled
Like an animal bled ♪
♪ Look me in the eyes ♪
♪ When you patronize ♪
[siren wailing]
POLICE
♪ Look me in the eyes ♪
♪ When you patronize ♪
[camera shutter clicking]
[siren wails]
♪ Tell me what to do
I'll tell you ♪
♪ I warn you when my back… ♪
[Ángela sobbing]
[camera shutters clicking]
♪ Tell me what to do ♪
♪ I patronize ♪
[continues sobbing]
Don't cry. Mom.
It's over now.
Everything's okay.
[Ángela] You're… You're so big.
Gloria. thank you for taking care of this.
It's my pleasure.
-And Adrián?
-I don't know.
He didn't answer the phone this morning.
but I'm sure he's gonna call later.
So. shall we?
[girl] Is dad coming?
No. Eva. Your dad's not coming.
♪ Look me in the eyes ♪
[reporters] Mrs. Ferrer.
How did you arrange
for this early release?
[Gloria] Be respectful.
-Do you regret your actions?
-How are you feeling?
[Gloria] I'm asking for space.
Mrs. Ferrer. do you miss your father?
[Gloria] Show some respect.
Not a day goes by
that I don't miss my father.
Have you had therapy sessions?
[Gloria] The family needs privacy.
Show some respect.
[reporter] Have you been to therapy?
Are you under treatment?
What're you gonna do now that you're free?
[Gloria] We need privacy. please.
[exhales]
♪ Look me in the eyes ♪
♪ An axe through your head
And you're gonna be dead ♪
-♪ When you patronize ♪
-♪ Gonna be dead. gonna be dead ♪
[music fades]
["Simple Love" by Alex Jon Roberts
& Ellie Wyatt playing]
Okay. we're here.
I love you. my baby.
♪ We don't need the highs and lows ♪
♪ To prove the things that we both know ♪
♪ There's no need to waste… ♪
Cami. yeah!
-[Camila] Hortensia.
-[chuckles]
Here. I give you my one love.
My love.
♪ 'Cause you know I'll be there
When the road gets rough ♪
♪ Let's keep it simple. love ♪
[all cheering]
♪ There's no need
To waste the time we've got ♪
♪ Let's keep it simple. love ♪
[music fades]
[Ángela] Thank you. son.
-[woman 1] Oh. look. they're here.
-[woman 2] Let's go say hi.
[woman 1] Hi. neighbor.
Wait up.
[chuckles] Hello.
-Hi.
-[woman 2] Hello.
-You must be…
-Ángela.
It's a pleasure. I'm Laura.
[son] Mom. these are our new neighbors.
Laura and Vannessa.
[Vannessa] It's nice to meet you.
I'd love to have you over some time
once we're all settled in.
We would love that.
Come whenever.
And welcome to paradise.
[chuckles] Thank you.
-[sighs] Well. we have to go. Bye. Eva.
-Yes.
-Bye. Lucas.
-Bye.
-Please say hi to Tebi.
-I will.
-[Vannessa] Bye.
-[Ángela] Bye.
[Vannessa] Oh.
Okay. um. bye-bye.
Vannessa is the wife of
the new president of the company.
[Ángela] Mmm.
And Esteban. Laura's son. is my friend.
Mmm.
That day I saw the most beautiful eyes.
Your smile changed my life forever.
I met the most wonderful woman
in the world and the universe.
[chuckles]
That woman is you. baby.
[tender music playing]
[chuckles] Aw. David.
You're a great man.
The most noble. caring.
and loving I have ever met.
The most generous and selfless man.
The one who changed my life
that day that we met randomly in that cab.
[both chuckle]
Then you smiled…
and kept always by my side.
That's why I love you.
I love you.
[tender music continues]
[chuckles softly]
[music fades]
Wow.
-The house looks beautiful.
-[Gloria] Oh. she likes it. [chuckles]
How exciting.
[maid] Would you like some juice
or a coffee?
-[Gloria] Coffee sounds great. Thank you.
-[maid] Right away.
[Ángela inhales deeply]
[sighs] Well…
Thanks. Lucas.
So there's something
I need to tell you that's important.
Hmm?
After a lot of back and forth…
your dad and I
are now officially divorced.
-[Lucas laughs]
-[exhales]
Congratulations!
-Finally. Time to celebrate.
-Yes. thank you.
[phone ringing]
[Lucas speaking indistinctly]
Hello?
Yes. No.
Gloria. Eva. and Lucas came to get me.
There's no need really. thank you.
And where are you?
[Miguel] At the clinic.
Where else would I be?
In isolation.
That's where they should have put you.
Ángela. you can't stop me
from seeing my children.
Nobody can.
Oh no. Never.
I'd never do that.
My time away was very enlightening for me.
I developed two new personal skills
in prison.
Patience and temperance.
-Ángela. come on. Just tell me-- [sighs]
-[line ends]
[sighs]
Here it is.
When is Dad coming?
[Ángela] I don't know. baby.
Right now. your dad
is on a business trip. huh.
What about Uncle Adrián? Doesn't he plan
on coming and saying hi to me?
God knows what he's doing.
He parties all day long.
If you want. I can go get him.
-Okay. sure.
-Be right back.
Lucas. don't. Wait.
I'll just go surprise him.
[pensive music playing]
David. do you take Camila
to be your life companion?
Yeah. I do. my love.
[officiant] Camila Román.
do you take David as your life companion.
to forever share love and harmony.
in the good and the bad times.
in sickness and in health?
Yes. I do.
-[tender music playing]
-[both chuckle]
[chuckles] Yeah!
And now a toast
in honor of this couple's love.
May it flourish and serve as an example
for everyone in your lives
now and forever.
♪ I feel the weight now ♪
You may share the drink.
-Shall I?
-Yeah.
[tender music continues]
[officiant] Please. now join your hands.
This cord right here
is entirely made up of delicate fibers.
but when intertwined.
they become stronger.
And so. in the same way.
we hope your love will strengthen
and withstand
the hardships you'll endure
together.
[all cheering]
[tender music continues]
[music fades]
[suspenseful music playing]
[creaking]
Adrián?
[uneasy music playing]
Adrián!
[dramatic music playing]
No!
No! No!
No! Help us!
No! Help!
Help!
Someone call an ambulance!
My God!
Adrián!
Ángela.
Please call an ambulance!
[dramatic music continues]
[Vannessa] We need an ambulance. please.
Yes. At Riviera Esmeralda. house N.
[Ángela sobbing]
[Vannessa. Ángela breathing heavily]
[Ángela] No. no. no. no. no!
No! Help us!
[music fades]
-["El Parrandero" playing]
-[Silvina] Hey!
-[laughing]
-[Silvina laughing] Whoo!
-You look so beautiful. Mama!
-Aw. thank you. Thanks.
[Hortensia] To the happy couple!
[Erika] To the happy couple! Yeah!
[all cheering]
Hey. are you still thinking about the guy
on his boat and what he said?
What? Of course I'm not.
Well. regardless. I'm gonna talk to him.
But tell me. my love.
Do you remember anything else
from last night?
Inti only wants more money
from the Ferrers.
And he wants my help. That's all.
Well. obviously.
you're not going to help him.
You seriously think I'd help him?
I will never forget that the Ferrers
tried to kill me multiple times.
So I plan to stay far away from them.
I get it. I don't want to talk about this.
And especially not on this night
because it's our wedding.
Mmm.
Hey. let's get some food.
-[chuckles] Silvi!
-[Silvina] What?
-Come with me to the bathroom?
-[Silvina] Of course!
One sec.
I have to save Erika from that situation.
-Erika!
-[Silvina] Erika!
-[laughing]
-[Camila] Let's go to the bathroom!
Um. one minute.
Sure.
Sorry.
-[Camila] This dress.
-[Erika chuckles]
-Can't have accidents.
-Let's go.
[David] Hey. Zorro. come here.
[Silvina] Oh God.
Oh. darling. I'm so happy
you were able to recover from last night.
No. I haven't fully recovered
from last night.
They drugged me. I fell unconscious.
and. actually.
I did not mention anything to David.
but I'm getting dizzy when I'm dancing.
Were you at least able to speak
with the guy from the sail boat?
No. from the dance floor. I realized
his boat is no longer on the dock.
Well then. enough.
Enough of this convo
because there's a party happening.
and we have much to celebrate.
-[laughs]
-Uh-huh.
-For example. I wanna celebrate…
-Whoo!
…that we'll be dancing together
at the club.
-Aw. yeah!
Welcome!
-That makes me happy. Really happy.
-I'm so. so happy. I love you guys.
-Camila. your phone is ringing.
-Excuse me.
INCOMING CALL
UNKNOWN NUMBER
Hey. this is yesterday's number. no?
-I'll answer it!
-No!
Give me that. Hey. stop! Shh. stop!
[tense music playing]
Hello?
Who is it?
What is this? Why are you calling?
All right. What's your deal. Miguel?
I swear. if you bother me again.
I'll personally call the police.
You fucking drugged me. asshole!
Was it you or not?
Hello?
What is it?
Did you call me just to stay silent
and not say a word or what. Miguel?
Oh. perfect. Perfect.
I'm headed to the dock.
but I'm calling the police
so they can arrest you right now!
-[Erika] No. come back here!
-[Silvina] No. wait up!
You should leave.
[Silvina] No. this is a bad idea.
He could be a psychopath.
[Erika] Could be? He is a psychopath.
And a shameless asshole
for coming here on your wedding day.
I really need you guys to leave.
Please stop. You have to stop.
[sighs] Girls. please leave.
If David asks about me.
tell him I'm talking with my mom.
-Please let me talk to him alone.
-[Erika] Camila. listen to me!
[dramatic music playing]
[Silvina] Let's go get David.
[dramatic music building]
[dramatic music continues]
You're so beautiful.
I could kill you. Miguel.
Do it then.
I'd rather die than see
you marry that asshole.
-Why don't you just leave and let me be?
-No. I'm not gonna leave.
I'm not leaving until you explain to me
why you married that guy.
You're not happy. Camila.
You don't love him. okay?
How would you know whether or not
I'm happy? Whether I love him or not?
-Of course I do!
-You don't. No you don't. Camila.
What you and I had was never real.
Do you know how much I suffered with you?
-How much goddamn pain you caused me?
-No.
The whole time!
The crying. everything that--
-[sobbing]
-Camila! Hey. hey.
-Wait!
-Leave now.
Just leave.
What happened?
Don't you love me?
No. I don't love you.
-I know you do.
-No. I don't love you!
-I know you do. Please.
-It was a fucking match on Tinder. okay?
-It was just a damn fling.
-Camila…
You were just a one-night stand.
you asshole!
-Don't say that. Cam--
-Every single thing you told me was a lie!
Don't say that. Camila!
Don't say that.
You know that's not true.
-Get lost. asshole. Right now.
-Camila.
Because if David arrives.
he is gonna kill you.
David? Well. I'll be right here.
I'll be right here waiting for him.
I'm already here. my love.
[dramatic music playing]
Mr. Castell.
it's time to go.
[dramatic music continues]
[siren wails]
CRIME SCENE
DO NOT CROSS
[Ángela] Just… [crying]
…one minute.
I need to see him for one minute.
Ángela. you can't see him right now.
We have to wait.
Mom-- Mom. we'll have time
to say goodbye to him.
I don't want to say goodbye to him. Lucas.
We first lost your grandfather.
and now my brother.
I can't do this. I can't do this.
I can't… [sobbing]
[pensive music playing]
[Ángela] I can't do this.
-You lead?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay.
[pensive music continues]
[Ángela] Detective.
I need to know what happened
to my brother.
That's why my team and I are here.
I think it's best if you go home.
There's nothing you can do here
for the moment.
Mom. we need to go for Eva.
[detective] Excuse me.
[pensive music continues]
[music fades]
[Camila] David. where are you taking him?
Don't worry. my love.
We're just gonna take him home.
[dramatic music playing]
[David] Be right back.
Captain. let's go.
[engine starts]
[dramatic music continues]
[music fades]
[upbeat music playing]
Wow!
Congratulations.
You look beautiful.
-Thought you weren't coming.
-[Inti] Well. here I am.
I wanted to congratulate you
and wish you a very long and happy life.
And that this new chapter is incredible.
surrounded by beautiful people.
-[Camila] Cheers.
-[Inti] Cheers.
[phone ringing]
Oh. excuse me.
Enjoy the night.
Hello?
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
If you think that facing
the truth is difficult.
imagine what all of this means to me.
I was sleeping with Adrián
for over five years
not knowing he was my brother.
We were about to get married. Ángela.
Why did you come here tonight. Cris?
[pensive music playing]
Adrián asked me to.
I think he wanted to tell me
something in person.
Do you know what happened to my brother?
All I know is that he was never able
to recover from all the things that…
everything that happened to us.
He wasn't to blame for any of it.
[Cris sobbing]
Nobody was. Ángela.
I learned something when I was in prison.
That the only way to move forward
is accepting ourselves
just the way we are.
But now we have to do it without him.
[Cris breathes deeply]
My brother loved you a lot. Cris. A lot.
So that's why the doors to my house
will always be open for you.
[exhales shakily]
Thanks.
[upbeat music playing]
Where are you?
[David on phone] I'm nearby. baby.
I won't be long.
Are you sure?
You left half an hour ago. Come on.
I'm fine. really. Don't worry.
I love you.
And you? Are you okay?
Inti is here.
Tell Inti I need to speak with him
because I have a lot of questions to ask.
Wait. I need you to listen.
The thing is that
Adrián Ferrer was found dead.
Okay. don't worry. baby.
I'll-- I'll be right there.
[Camila] Okay.
I hope you learned that it's bad manners
to show up uninvited.
What'll you do?
[pensive music playing]
Throw me overboard?
Punch me in the face?
I'm right here. Go ahead.
Stop it. Miguel.
Why are you here? What is this?
You know what I want. David.
And I'm really sorry.
I can tell you're not a bad guy.
but you can't do anything to stop this.
[chuckles] Son of a bitch.
-Seriously?
-[Miguel] Seriously.
My feelings for Camila will never change.
Every time I see her. I…
-I can't control myself.
-[David] Ah.
And that's the truth.
I wanted you to hear that from me.
-Here. face-to-face.
-God. dude. you're fucked up.
You're insane. man.
I don't want you near my family. huh?
Can you swim?
Get off.
Or we'll help you. Your call.
And who's gonna do it?
You?
Or this moron?
-[Miguel grunts]
-[laughing]
Here you go.
[laughing]
So. I'm gonna try and get
at least some sleep because
tomorrow at 6:00
they give us Adrián's body.
[inhales]
You think Adrián was unhappy?
[Ángela] I don't know.
Was he so unhappy that he would actually
kill himself the day before meeting me?
[Ángela] My brother
didn't kill himself. Cris.
He was tied down in the pool.
[uneasy music playing]
[exhales]
[Benito] Nobody escapes a heart attack.
Not even a healthy man
with this kind of body?
[Benito] Not even him.
And his body was in the tub
the entire night.
Which means we don't have
any traces of DNA.
[sighs]
[Benito] However.
the most recent tissue test we conducted
indicates that he had sex
the night he died.
And not just regular sex.
He's got marks on his wrists.
This man was tied up.
Most likely to the bed.
So then. Jesús Franco meets
this mystery woman on Tinder.
They chat for two weeks. they meet up.
they have sex. she ties him up.
and he suffers a heart attack.
Mmm. some luck this guy had.
[phone chimes]
UNKNOWN NUMBER
STILL AT RIVIERA ESMERALDA?
I'LL WAIT FOR YOU AT HOUSE G
[detective 1] We need to close
the report on Adrián Ferrer.
[Benito] Okay.
[detective 1 sighs]
The family is waiting on it.
They've asked for absolute discretion
with regards to the toxicology screen.
I understand them.
[Benito] He was inside the pool
for 24 hours before they found him.
There was enough oxycodone
at his house to put down an elephant.
No.
This man did not die of
an oxycodone overdose.
If he had. he'd display cerebral hypoxia.
And his cause of death
was heart related too.
This man here also died of a heart attack.
[detective 2] And it just so happens
that he was also tied.
[uneasy music playing]
[uneasy music continues]
STILL AT RIVIERA ESMERALDA?
I'LL WAIT FOR YOU AT HOUSE G
IT'S OPEN
I didn't expect you.
Especially like that.
[dramatic sting]
[music fades]
[seagulls squawking]
[indistinct chatter]
[indistinct chatter over radio]
[camera shutter clicks]
[pensive music playing]
[Ángela] I need to go in.
This is this property.
[detective 1] Detective!
[detective 2] Let her through.
-[Lucas] But Mom. what's--
-[Ángela sighs]
[gasps]
It can't be true.
[gasps. exhales]
It can't.
-[detective 2] Did you know him?
-[sighs]
Yes.
He was my brother.
My half-brother.
[detective 1] Boss.
[detective 2] What is it?
This is the victim's phone.
The most recent notifications
were from Tinder.
-From Tinder?
-Yes.
Last night. he was messaging
a profile Red Velvet.
-I'm sorry.
-Same as Jesús Franco.
[detective 1] And Adrián Ferrer.
Did I hear you say Red Velvet?
-[gasps] It's her.
-[Lucas exhales]
[chuckling]
[Camila] Well. maybe we should just leave.
I'm sorry to rain on your parade.
Good morning.
Are you Ms. Camila Román?
Well. yes. but it's Mrs. now. [chuckles]
I'm a lead investigator with the CTI.
Indira Martínez.
-This is my partner.
-Sergio Lobos. nice to meet you.
-[Camila] How are you?
-We're gonna need you to accompany us.
But why? Where are we going?
May we speak for a moment?
[dramatic music playing]
-[woman] What's going on?
-I'll handle it.
-[woman] Sweetie. please be careful.
-Don't worry.
[Indira] In the past 48 hours.
we have found three men murdered
under similar circumstances.
The last person they all talked to
was you.
[dramatic music continues]
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm